feat(ARCH-314): add cdn build script and webpack injector (#97)
Talend/ui-scripts: cdn/webpack-inject/README.md

# Inject / Initiator

This package contains the script use to inject resources in the HTML pages

> The webpack html plugin is configured by ui-script to handle injection in case you want to us external CDN.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The webpack html plugin is configured by @talend/ui-scripts to handle injection in case you want to use external CDN.
```

In this case the inject script is added into the html.

It has multiple responsabilities:

* read a cookie to test other version of any dependencies
* give project ability to set specific version of any lib

> * give design system team a place to follow and ensure every one is update to date with current design system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* give design system team a place to follow and ensure everyone is up to date with the current design system.
```

> # Life cycle

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Lifecycle
```

This script can be updated by anyone at talend. But you must have an approval from either design system team or architecture team on it. Today you can ping on slack the following people for that:

* Fabien Rassinier
* Jimmy Somsanith
* Jean-Michel FRANCOIS

Every script update will be deployed on INT env first.
Once QA validate it we deploy it on the production stack.

# Concept

This is an integrator patch at runtime.

> By default to change anything in our app we need to build and deploy. Even to deploy a simple translation or minor update of a lib. This script change that and give us a way to change version on the fly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default to change anything in our app we need to build and deploy. Even to deploy a simple translation or minor update of a lib. This script changes that and gives us a way to change the version on the fly.
```

## Dependencies managment

> We use `@talend/module-to-cdn` to split into a set of UMDs most of our dependencies. At build time of our internal libs we add two files side by side with the builted umd:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We use `@talend/module-to-cdn` to split into a set of UMDs most of our dependencies. At build time of our internal libs we add two files side by side with the built umd:
```

* report.html
* dependencies.json

The dependencies.json is to add a description of waited external libs needed for this UMD to be loaded before.

It is already use at build time but we also want to be sure to add it at runtime in case we change the version and a new lib is needed.

## Version managment

We have a set of layers to set versions. The order is important, the lower in the list mean the higher priority:

* project/build: set version at build time
* inject/default: update to current known good set of versions
* inject/project: update for one specific project
* inject/session: update for one version of this env

> On the ground we have the project which build. It will specify all version to use for every libs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the ground, we have the project which builds. It will specify all versions to use for every libs.
```
